abandonned: abandoned
abandonning: abandoning
abbrevation: abbreviation
abbrevations: abbreviations
abcissa: abscissa
aberation: aberration
abilties: abilities
abilty: ability
aborigene: aborigine
aborigenes: aborigines
aboslute: absolute
abreviate: abbreviate
abreviated: abbreviated
abreviation: abbreviation
abreviations: abbreviations
abrubtly: abruptly
absail: abseil
absailing: abseiling
absance: absence
abscence: absence
absense: absence
absolutly: absolutely
absorbtion: absorption
abstact: abstract
abudance: abundance
acccept: accept
acccepted: accepted
acccepting: accepting
acccepts: accepts
acccess: access
acccessing: accessing
acccuse: accuse
acccused: accused
accellerated: accelerated
accelleration: acceleration
acceptible: acceptable
acces: access
accesed: accessed
acceses: accesses
accesing: accessing
accesor: accessor
accesories: accessories
accesors: accessors
accessable: accessible
accessbility: accessibility
accessiblity: accessibility
accesso: access
accesso: accessor
accessoires: accessories
accidentaly: accidentally
accidentially: accidentally
accidently: accidentally
accleration: acceleration
accoding: according
accomodate: accommodate
accomodated: accommodate
accomodated: accommodated
accomodates: accommodates
accomodating: accommodating
accomodation: accommodation
accomodations: accommodations
accompanyed: accompanied
accordeon: accordion
accordign: according
accordinly: accordingly
accoustic: acoustic
accout: account
accros: across
accross: across
accumlated: accumulated
accummulating: accumulating
accummulator: accumulator
accummulators: accumulators
accumulting: accumulating
accurancy: accuracy
accurracy: accuracy
accussed: accused
acess: access
acessable: accessible
acessible: accessible
acessor: accessor
acheive: achieve
acheived: achieved
acheivement: achievement
acheivements: achievements
acheives: achieves
acheiving: achieving
achievment: achievement
achievments: achievements
achive: achieve
achive: archive
achived: achieved
achived: archived
achivement: achievement
achivements: achievements
acitivity: activity
acknowledgable: acknowledgeable
acknowledgeing: acknowledging
acknowlege: acknowledge
ackowledge: acknowledge
ackowledged: acknowledged
acommodate: accommodate
acomplish: accomplish
acomplished: accomplished
acomplishment: accomplishment
acomplishments: accomplishments
acording: according
acordingly: accordingly
acount: account
acounting: accounting
acquaintence: acquaintance
acquaintences: acquaintances
acquistion: acquisition
acquited: acquitted
acsii: ascii
activites: activities
activly: actively
actualy: actually
acumulating: accumulating
acuracy: accuracy
acused: accused
acustom: accustom
addded: added
addding: adding
addds: adds
additionaly: additionally
additionnal: additional
additon: addition
additonal: additional
additonally: additionally
addres: address
addresable: addressable
addresed: addressed
addreses: addresses
addresing: addressing
addressess: addresses
addressibility: addressability
addtion: addition
addtional: additional
adherance: adherence
aditional: additional
aditionally: additionally
adjecent: adjacent
adjustement: adjustment
adjustements: adjustments
adminssible: admissible
adminstration: administration
admissability: admissibility
admissable: admissible
admited: admitted
admitedly: admittedly
adresable: addressable
adresing: addressing
adress: address
adressable: addressable
adressed: addressed
adresses: addresses
adressing: addressing
adultary: adultery
advertisment: advertisement
advertisments: advertisements
advertize: advertise
advertizes: advertises
adviced: advised
adviseable: advisable
advizable: advisable
afected: affected
afecting: affecting
afectted: affected
afficionado: aficionado
afficionados: aficionados
affilliate: affiliate
affraid: afraid
aforementionned: aforementioned
aformentioned: aforementioned
agains: again
agains: against
againts: against
aggaravates: aggravates
agggregate: aggregate
aggragate: aggregate
aggreed: agreed
aggreement: agreement
aggreggate: aggregate
aggresive: aggressive
aggrgate: aggregate
aggrgation: aggregation
agorithm: algorithm
agravate: aggravate
agreagated: aggregated
agreeement: agreement
agregate: aggregate
agregates: aggregates
agreggate: aggregate
agreggated: aggregated
agreggates: aggregates
agreggating: aggregating
agression: aggression
agressive: aggressive
agressively: aggressively
agressor: aggressor
agressors: aggressors
agrregate: aggregate
agruments: arguments
agument: argument
agument: augment
aircaft: aircraft
ajdust: adjust
ajustment: adjustment
ajustments: adjustments
aknowledge: acknowledge
alegiance: allegiance
alegorical: allegorical
algnment: alignment
algorhitm: algorithm
algorhitms: algorithms
algoritm: algorithm
algoritms: algorithms
algorythm: algorithm
aligment: alignment
alignement: alignment
alignemnt: alignment
alignemnts: alignments
alingment: alignment
alledged: alleged
alledgedly: allegedly
allegaince: allegiance
allegedely: allegedly
allegience: allegiance
allign: align
alligned: aligned
alligning: aligning
allignment: alignment
allignments: alignments
alligns: aligns
alloted: allotted
allowd: allowed
allowes: allows
allready: already
alltime: all-time
alltogether: altogether
allways: always
alocatable: allocatable
alocate: allocate
alocated: allocated
alocates: allocates
alocating: allocating
alocation: allocation
alocations: allocations
alogorithm: algorithm
alotted: allotted
alotting: allotting
alowed: allowed
alowing: allowing
alows: allows
alpabetic: alphabetic
alpabetical: alphabetical
alphanumberic: alphanumeric
alread: already
alterative: alternative
alternativ: alternative
alternativaly: alternatively
alternativelly: alternatively
althought: although
altought: although
amatuer: amateur
ambigious: ambiguous
ambigous: ambiguous
ambiguos: ambiguous
ambiguosly: ambiguously
ambiquous: ambiguous
amendement: amendment
ammend: amend
ammended: amended
ammending: amending
ammendment: amendment
ammendments: amendments
ammends: amends
ammount: amount
ammounts: amounts
amoung: among
amout: amount
amperstand: ampersand
amunition: ammunition
analagous: analogous
analitic: analytic
analoguous: analogous
analogus: analogous
analtics: analytics
ancesstor: ancestor
ancestory: ancestry
anchestor: ancestor
anchore: anchor
anchore: anchored
anchore: anchors
androgenous: androgynous
anihilation: annihilation
aniversary: anniversary
annoint: anoint
annointed: anointed
annointing: anointing
annoints: anoints
annonymous: anonymous
annouced: announced
annoucement: announcement
announcment: announcement
annualy: annually
annuled: annulled
annuling: annulling
anonimous: anonymous
anonynous: anonymous
anotation: annotation
anotations: annotations
anounce: announce
anounced: announced
anouncement: announcement
anounces: announces
anouncing: announcing
anoying: annoying
anscestor: ancestor
ansestor: ancestor
ansestors: ancestors
Antartic: Antarctic
Antartica: Antarctica
antecipate: anticipate
anthing: anything
anually: annually
anulled: annulled
anwser: answer
anyting: anything
aparent: apparent
aparently: apparently
aparrent: apparent
apears: appears
apend: append
aplicable: applicable
aplication: application
aplications: applications
apparrent: apparent
appart: apart
appealling: appealing
appeareance: appearance
appeareances: appearances
appearence: appearance
appearences: appearances
appendx: appendix
appenix: appendix
apperance: appearance
appereance: appearance
appereances: appearances
appication: application
appications: applications
applicablity: applicability
appling: applying
appopriate: appropriate
appoximate: approximate
appoximately: approximately
apppear: appear
apppears: appears
apppend: append
apppends: appends
appplication: application
appplications: applications
appplied: applied
appplying: applying
appproach: approach
appromixate: approximate
appromixated: approximated
appromixates: approximates
appropiate: appropriate
approximaiton: approximation
approximatly: approximately
apprpriate: appropriate
aprehensive: apprehensive
aproach: approach
apropriate: appropriate
aproval: approval
aproximate: approximate
aproximately: approximately
aproximates: approximates
aproximation: approximation
aproximations: approximations
aqcuire: acquire
aqcuired: acquired
aqcuires: acquires
aqcuiring: acquiring
aquaduct: aqueduct
aquaducts: aqueducts
aquaintance: acquaintance
aquainted: acquainted
aquainting: acquainting
aquaints: acquaints
aquisition: acquisition
aquitted: acquitted
arange: arrange
aranged: arranged
arangement: arrangement
arangements: arrangements
arbitarily: arbitrarily
arbitary: arbitrary
arbitraty: arbitrary
arbritary: arbitrary
archaelogical: archaeological
archaelogists: archaeologists
archaelogy: archaeology
archictecture: architecture
architecutre: architecture
archtype: archetype
archtypes: archetypes
argment: argument
argments: arguments
arguement: argument
arguements: arguments
arguemnt: argument
arguemnts: arguments
arguemtns: arguments
argumet: argument
argumetn: argument
argumets: arguments
argumment: argument
argumments: arguments
argumnet: argument
argumnets: arguments
aribitrarily: arbitrarily
arised: arose
arithmatic: arithmetic
arithmethic: arithmetic
aritmetic: arithmetic
arn't: aren't
arogant: arrogant
arrang: arrange
arrangment: arrangement
arrangments: arrangements
arround: around
artbitrary: arbitrary
artifical: artificial
artifically: artificially
artificialy: artificially
artifitial: artificial
artifitially: artificially
artillary: artillery
arugment: argument
arugments: arguments
ascymmetric: asymmetric
asert: assert
asigned: assigned
asnwer: answer
asociated: associated
asociating: associating
asociativity: associativity
asphyxation: asphyxiation
assaignments: assignments
assasin: assassin
assasinate: assassinate
assasinated: assassinated
assasinates: assassinates
assasination: assassination
assasinations: assassinations
assasins: assassins
assembli: assemble
assembli: assembly
assemby: assembly
assemlies: assemblies
assemly: assembly
assigment: assignment
assigments: assignments
assigmnent: assignment
assignement: assignment
assignemnt: assignment
assignemnts: assignments
assignes: assigns
assing: assign
assingable: assignable
assistent: assistant
assistents: assistants
assocation: association
assocations: associations
associato: associate
associato: association
asssembly: assembly
asssert: assert
asssignment: assignment
asssume: assume
assymetric: asymmetric
assymetrical: asymmetrical
asterices: asterisks
astericks: asterisks
asteriks: asterisk
asteriod: asteroid
asteriods: asteroids
asthetic: aesthetic
asthetical: aesthetical
asthetically: aesthetically
asthetics: aesthetics
asume: assume
asumption: assumption
asychronous: asynchronous
asychronously: asynchronously
asycronous: asynchronous
asycronously: asynchronously
asymetric: asymmetric
asymetrical: asymmetrical
asymetrically: asymmetrically
asynchonous: asynchronous
asynchonously: asynchronously
asynchrnous: asynchronous
asyncrhonously: asynchronously
asyncronously: asynchronously
atachment: attachment
atcual: actual
atempting: attempting
atention: attention
atentions: attentions
athiest: atheist
atleast: at least
atomicly: atomically
atorney: attorney
atribute: attribute
atributed: attributed
atributes: attributes
atrribute: attribute
atrributes: attributes
attachement: attachment
attemped: attempted
attemps: attempts
attemptinng: attempting
attendence: attendance
attendent: attendant
attendents: attendants
attibute: attribute
attibutes: attributes
attirbute: attribute
attirbutes: attributes
attrbute: attribute
attrbutes: attributes
attribtue: attribute
attribtues: attributes
attribue: attribute
attribut: attribute
attributues: attributes
attriute: attribute
attrocities: atrocities
attrribute: attribute
attrributes: attributes
atttribute: attribute
atttributes: attributes
augument: argument
augument: augment
auguments: arguments
auguments: augments
auhtority: authority
autenticate: authenticate
autenticated: authenticated
autenticates: authenticates
autenticating: authenticating
autentication: authentication
authenication: authentication
authenications: authentications
authenticaton: authentication
authenticaton: authenticator
authentification: authentication
autheticating: authenticating
authetication: authentication
authnticated: authenticated
authobiographic: autobiographic
authobiography: autobiography
authorites: authorities
autload: autoload
autloaded: autoloaded
autochtonous: autochthonous
automatical: automatic
automaticall: automatically
automaticaly: automatically
automaticlly: automatically
automaticly: automatically
automatilly: automatically
automatize: automate
automatized: automated
automatizes: automates
automtically: automatically
auxilary: auxiliary
auxillary: auxiliary
auxilliaries: auxiliaries
auxilliary: auxiliary
auxuliary: auxiliary
avaiable: available
avaialbe: available
avaialble: available
availabile: available
availabilites: availabilities
availabilty: availability
availablility: availability
availablity: availability
availaible: available
availble: available
availiable: available
availibility: availability
availlable: available
avalability: availability
avalable: available
avaliable: available
avarage: average
avarege: average
averate: average
avialable: available
aviod: avoid
awarness: awareness
aweful: awful
awfull: awful
bacause: because
backgound: background
backgroud: background
backslashs: backslashes
baggages: baggage
bahavior: behavior
bahaviors: behaviors
baloon: balloon
baloons: balloons
bandwith: bandwidth
bankrupcy: bankruptcy
bannana: banana
basicaly: basically
basicly: basically
batchs: batch
batchs: batches
beacuse: because
beastiality: bestiality
beatiful: beautiful
becames: became
becames: becomes
becasue: because
becomeing: becoming
becomming: becoming
becuase: because
beeing: being
beetween: between
begginer: beginner
begginers: beginners
beggining: beginning
begginings: beginnings
beging: begging
begining: beginning
beleive: believe
belive: believe
belligerant: belligerent
bellweather: bellwether
benchark: benchmark
benchmarkd: benchmark
benchmarkd: benchmarked
benchmarkd: benchmarks
benefical: beneficial
beneficary: beneficiary
benefitial: beneficial
bergamont: bergamot
beteween: between
betweeen: between
betwen: between
betwenn: between
beutifier: beautifier
bewteen: between
beyound: beyond
bidiretional: bidirectional
bidning: binding
bigeer: bigger
bilateraly: bilaterally
bilittable: blittable
billingualism: bilingualism
bindin: binding
bitvise: bitwise
bizare: bizarre
bizzare: bizarre
boilerplace: boilerplate
Bolean: Boolean
bombardement: bombardment
bombardements: bombardments
bookeeping: bookkeeping
Boolen: Boolean
boooking: booking
boostrapper: bootstrapper
bootsraps: bootstraps
boudaries: boundaries
boudary: boundary
boundery: boundary
boundries: boundaries
boundry: boundary
bouyant: buoyant
breakes: breaker
breakes: breaks
breakthough: breakthrough
briliant: brilliant
brillant: brilliant
brushs: brushes
buble: bubble
bufer: buffer
bufers: buffers
bufffer: buffer
bufffers: buffers
buider: builder
buidler: builder
buildeer: builder
buisness: business
buoancy: buoyancy
bureacracy: bureaucracy
burried: buried
busines: business
bussiness: business
buton: button
buttom: bottom
buttom: button
caclulate: calculate
caclulated: calculated
caclulates: calculates
caculation: calculation
cahce: cache
calback: callback
calcaulting: calculating
calcualtes: calculates
calcuating: calculating
calculcation: calculation
calculcations: calculations
calee: callee
calees: callees
calender: calendar
calenders: calendars
caligraphy: calligraphy
callbakc: callback
calles: callees
caluclate: calculate
calulates: calculates
calulation: calculation
camoflage: camouflage
camoflague: camouflage
cancelletion: cancellation
cancelllation: cancellation
cancelltaion: cancellation
canconical: canonical
candicate: candidate
canellability: cancellability
cannister: canister
cannisters: canisters
cannnot: cannot
cannonical: canonical
cannonicalization: canonicalization
cannonicalize: canonicalize
cannonicalized: canonicalized
canonicallized: canonicalized
canot: cannot
capabilites: capabilities
capabilitie: capabilities
capablities: capabilities
Capetown: Cape Town
caputuring: capturing
caracter: character
caracteristics: characteristics
caracters: characters
carcas: carcass
cardinarity: cardinality
careflly: carefully
carefull: careful
carefull: carefully
carefuly: carefully
cariage: carriage
carreer: career
carrers: careers
Carribbean: Caribbean
Carribean: Caribbean
carthographer: cartographer
carthographers: cartographers
cartrige: cartridge
cartriges: cartridges
casette: cassette
casettes: cassettes
catagories: categories
catched: caught
catepillar: caterpillar
catepillars: caterpillars
caterpilar: caterpillar
caterpilars: caterpillars
cathegories: categories
cathegory: category
catterpilar: caterpillar
catterpilars: caterpillars
catterpillar: caterpillar
catterpillars: caterpillars
cauhgt: caught
Celcius: Celsius
cemetaries: cemeteries
cemetary: cemetery
centraly: centrally
centred: centered
ceretificate: certificate
cerfificate: certificate
certainity: certainty
certficate: certificate
certficates: certificates
certfication: certification
certian: certain
certifcate: certificate
certificiate: certificate
chalenging: challenging
champange: champagne
chanel: channel
changable: changeable
channnel: channel
channnels: channels
charachters: characters
characteres: characters
charactor: character
charactors: characters
charater: character
charaters: characters
charaters: charters
charcter: character
chargback: chargeback
chateaus: chateaux
checkeability: checkability
checkes: checked
checkes: checks
checknig: checking
checksuming: checksumming
chemicaly: chemically
chhild: child
chnage: change
choosen: choose
choosen: chosen
chosed: chose
chosed: chosen
chosing: choosing
chracter: character
chracters: characters
churchs: churches
Cincinatti: Cincinnati
Cincinnatti: Cincinnati
cirtuit: circuit
ciruited: circuited
clasess: classes
clasic: classic
clasical: classical
clasically: classically
classess: classes
classifed: classified
classs: class
classs: classes
classses: classes
classsify: classify
clinicaly: clinically
clippboard: clipboard
clustser: cluster
cmopression: compression
coalese: coalesce
coalesed: coalesced
coaleses: coalesces
coallescence: coalescence
codition: condition
coefficent: coefficient
coefficents: coefficients
coeficient: coefficient
coeficients: coefficients
coerse: coarse
coerse: coerce
coersion: coercion
cointains: contains
colaborations: collaborations
colapse: collapse
colapsed: collapsed
colateral: collateral
colection: collection
collaegue: colleague
collapsable: collapsible
collecions: collections
colleciton: collection
colleection: collection
collegue: colleague
collegues: colleagues
colletion: collation
colletion: collection
collition: coalition
collition: collision
colllection: collection
colloction: collection
colloction: collocation
collonade: colonnade
collonies: colonies
collosal: colossal
collpasible: collapsible
collumn: column
collumns: columns
columm: column
colummn: column
colummns: columns
columnn: column
columnns: columns
columnss: columns
colums: columns
comand: command
comander: commander
comanders: commanders
comando: commando
comandos: commandos
combin: combine
combinaition: combination
combinaitions: combinations
combinated: combined
comemmorates: commemorates
coment: comment
comfirm: confirm
comformance: conformance
comingle: commingle
comission: commission
comissioned: commissioned
comissioner: commissioner
comissioners: commissioners
comissioning: commissioning
comissions: commissions
comitted: committed
comittee: committee
comitting: committing
comleted: completed
commamd: command
commamds: commands
commaseparated: comma-separated
commecial: commercial
commecrial: commercial
commerical: commercial
comming: coming
commision: commission
commisioned: commissioned
commisioner: commissioner
commisioners: commissioners
commisioning: commissioning
commisions: commissions
commited: committed
commitee: committee
commiter: committer
commiting: committing
commitmentt: commitment
committ: commit
committe: committee
committment: commitment
committments: commitments
committs: commits
commma: comma
commmand: command
commmit: commit
commmits: commits
commmon: common
communcation: communication
comoponents: components
comoponet: component
compability: compatibility
compabitility: compatibility
compadibility: compatibility
comparaisons: comparisons
compararers: comparers
compareable: comparable
comparerer: comparer
comparision: comparison
comparisions: comparisons
comparition: comparison
comparsion: comparison
comparsions: comparisons
compatability: compatibility
compatabilty: compatibility
compatable: compatible
compatablities: compatibilities
compatablity: compatibility
compatbility: compatibility
compatibile: compatible
compatibilty: compatibility
compatibities: compatibilities
compatibliity: compatibility
compatiblity: compatibility
compatile: compatible
compatilibity: compatibility
comperer: comparer
competiveness: competitiveness
compisite: composite
completelly: completely
completeted: completed
completeting: completing
completition: completion
completly: completely
completness: completeness
complexd: complex
complexd: complexed
compliancy: compliance
complient: compliant
complmentary: complementary
complmentary: complimentary
componant: component
componenent: component
componenets: components
componet: component
componets: components
compononent: component
composit: composite
compositition: composition
compostition: composition
comppiler: compiler
compresed: compressed
compreses: compresses
compresing: compressing
compresion: compression
compresser: compressor
compressers: compressors
compressio: compression
compresss: compresses
compresssion: compression
compulsary: compulsory
computional: computational
comunicate: communicate
comunicated: communicated
comunicates: communicates
comunicating: communicating
comunity: community
conanicalize: canonicalize
conanicalized: canonicalized
concantenated: concatenated
concatenatd: concatenate
concatenatd: concatenated
concatentate: concatenate
concatentated: concatenated
concatentates: concatenates
concatentating: concatenating
concatentation: concatenation
concatentations: concatenations
conceed: concede
conceiveably: conceivably
concensus: consensus
conceptualy: conceptually
concerete: concrete
concievably: conceivably
concieved: conceived
concious: conscious
concreate: concrete
concurency: concurrency
concurent: concurrent
concurently: concurrently
concurrecy: concurrency
conditionaly: conditionally
conditonal: conditional
conditons: conditions
condtion: condition
condtional: conditional
condtions: conditions
conection: connection
conections: connections
confgures: configures
confict: conflict
conficting: conflicting
confidental: confidential
confidentally: confidentially
configration: configuration
configrations: configurations
configued: configured
configurabilty: configurability
configuraed: configured
configuraiton: configuration
configurated: configured
configuraton: configuration
configuraton: configurator
configureable: configurable
configutation: configuration
confirmity: conformity
conflic: conflict
conflit: conflict
confortable: comfortable
congiguration: configuration
congresional: congressional
coniguous: contiguous
conjuction: conjunction
conjuntion: conjunction
conncurrent: concurrent
connectin: connecting
connectin: connection
connetion: connection
conotation: connotation
conotations: connotations
conponent: component
conponents: components
conposite: composite
conquerer: conqueror
conquerers: conquerors
consciencious: conscientious
consctructor: constructor
consenquently: consequently
consequtive: consecutive
considerd: considered
considiration: consideration
considred: considered
consious: conscious
consistancy: consistency
consistant: consistent
consistantly: consistently
consisten: consisted
consisten: consistent
consistend: consisted
consistend: consistent
consistentcy: consistency
consistentcy: consistently
consitent: consistent
consiting: consisting
consorcium: consortium
consorciums: consortiums
consruct: construct
constains: constrains
constains: contains
constaint: constant
constaint: constraint
constansts: constants
constats: constants
constisting: consisting
constractor: constructor
constractor: contractor
constraind: constrained
constraings: constrains
constraings: constraints
constrainst: constraint
constrainst: constraints
constrainted: constrained
constrait: constrain
constrait: constraint
constrcution: construction
constrcutor: constructor
constrint: constraint
constrint: constrict
construciton: construction
construcitons: constructions
construcor: constructor
construcs: construct
construcs: constructs
constructior: construction
constructior: constructor
construtor: constructor
construtors: constructors
constuction: construction
constuctions: constructions
constuctor: constrictor
constuctor: constructor
constuctors: constructors
consturction: construction
consumate: consummate
consumated: consummated
consumeing: consuming
consumtion: consumption
consuption: consumption
containig: containing
containin: containing
containng: containing
containter: container
containts: contains
contaning: containing
contant: constant
contant: content
contants: constants
contants: contents
contemporaneus: contemporaneous
contenxt: content
contenxt: context
contex: context
contextes: contexts
contibute: contribute
contibuted: contributed
contibutes: contributes
contibutors: contributors
contigent: contingent
contigous: contiguous
contigously: contiguously
continious: continuous
continous: continuous
continously: continuously
continuious: continuous
continuos: continuous
contrained: constrained
contraining: constraining
contraint: constraint
contraints: constraints
contraversy: controversy
contributer: contributor
contributers: contributors
controled: controlled
controler: controller
controlers: controllers
controling: controlling
controll: control
controlls: controls
controversal: controversial
contruction: construction
contruction: contraction
contructor: constructor
contructors: constructors
contructs: constructs
contsructors: constructors
contstructor: constructor
conveinence: convenience
conventient: convenient
conventios: convention
conventios: conventions
converison: conversion
converisons: conversions
converstion: conversation
converstion: conversion
convertable: convertible
convertables: convertibles
converterer: converter
convertion: conversion
convertions: conversions
convetions: conventions
convience: convenience
convience: convince
convienience: convenience
convinience: convenience
convinient: convenient
conviniently: conveniently
cooly: cool
cooly: coolly
coonection: connection
coookie: cookie
coookies: cookies
coordiantes: coordinates
coordinat: coordinate
coordinnate: coordinate
coordonate: coordinate
coould: could
coppied: copied
corectly: correctly
corespond: correspond
coresponded: corresponded
corespondence: correspondence
coresponding: corresponding
coresponds: corresponds
corosion: corrosion
corrctly: correctly
correclty: correctly
correcly: correctly
correctnes: correctness
correcty: correctly
correcty: corrects
correpsonding: corresponding
correspoding: corresponding
correspodning: corresponding
correspondant: correspondent
correspondig: corresponding
corressponding: corresponding
corrresponding: corresponding
corrsponding: corresponding
coruption: corruption
cosisting: consisting
cosntructor: constructor
costructor: constructor
costructors: constructors
costy: costly
cotents: contents
cotinuous: continuous
couldnt: couldn't
covarient: covariant
covergae: coverage
craete: create
creat: create
createion: creation
creater: creator
credenitials: credentials
credentails: credentials
credetial: credential
credetials: credentials
crendetial: credential
crendetials: credentials
cristal: crystal
critcal: critical
critera: criteria
criterias: criteria
critertion: criterion
critieria: criteria
critisism: criticism
critria: criteria
crosshair: crosshairs
crtieria: criteria
crtierion: criterion
cryptographicaly: cryptographically
crytography: cryptography
culutres: cultures
cummulative: cumulative
curency: currency
curent: current
curently: currently
currectly: correctly
currenct: currency
currenct: current
currenly: currently
currenty: currently
curreny: currency
curreny: current
currnet: current
custm: custom
customazible: customizable
custon: custom
Cyrilic: Cyrillic
dacquiri: daiquiri
dafault: default
Dannish: Danish
daquiri: daiquiri
dashboad: dashboard
databse: database
deafault: default
deafult: default
deamon: daemon
deatails: details
deault: default
debateable: debatable
debugability: debuggability
debugee: debuggee
debuger: debugger
debuging: debugging
debuigging: debugging
deciaml: decimal
decieve: deceive
decieved: deceived
decima: decimal
decinal: decimal
declaing: declaring
declarad: declared
declaratoins: declarations
declaraton: declaration
declaraton: declarator
declration: declaration
decomission: decommission
decomissioned: decommissioned
decommision: decommission
decompres: decompress
decompresed: decompressed
decompreses: decompresses
decompresing: decompressing
decompresser: decompressor
decompressers: decompressors
decortated: decorated
decribe: describe
decribed: described
decribes: describes
decribing: describing
decription: decryption
decription: description
decriptor: descriptor
decriptors: decryptors
decriptors: descriptors
decryp: decrypt
decsending: descending
decsribed: described
deductable: deductible
defalt: default
defalut: default
defaul: default
defauls: default
defauls: defaults
defaut: default
defendent: defendant
defendents: defendants
deferable: deferrable
deferal: deferral
defered: deferred
defering: deferring
deferrablee: deferrable
defferable: deferrable
deffered: deferred
defiend: defied
defiend: defined
definately: definitely
definations: definitions
definied: defined
definining: defining
definit: definite
definitly: definitely
definiton: definition
defintion: definition
defintions: definitions
defintitions: definitions
defualt: default
deifned: defined
deilimiter: delimiter
delagate: delegate
delcarations: declarations
delcared: declared
deletation: deletion
deleteing: deleting
deleteon: deletion
delievered: delivered
delimeted: delimited
delimeter: delimiter
delimeters: delimiters
delimitered: delimited
demoninator: denominator
demonstated: demonstrated
demostration: demonstration
demysifier: demystifier
denegrating: denigrating
denomitator: denominator
deparment: department
depdendencies: dependencies
depdendency: dependency
depedencies: dependencies
depedency: dependency
depedendencies: dependencies
depencencies: dependencies
dependance: dependence
dependancies: dependencies
dependancy: dependency
dependecies: dependencies
dependecy: dependency
dependeing: depending
dependences: dependence
dependences: dependencies
dependending: depending
dependeny: dependency
dependnecy: dependency
depenencies: dependencies
depenency: dependency
deployement: deployment
deploymnet: deployment
deplyoment: deployment
depracated: deprecated
deprecatated: deprecated
deque: dequeue
derefrencing: dereferencing
derivied: derived
dervied: derived
descendend: descendent
descibe: describe
descibed: described
descibes: describes
descibing: describing
desciptor: descriptor
descrbes: describes
descrease: decrease
descripion: description
descripton: description
descripton: descriptor
descriptpr: descriptor
descrition: description
desending: descending
desing: design
desintegrated: disintegrated
desintegration: disintegration
desireable: desirable
desoriented: disoriented
desribed: described
desription: description
desriptor: descriptor
desriptors: descriptors
destinaton: destination
destintation: destination
detahced: detached
detailled: detailed
detatched: detached
detecter: detector
deterioriating: deteriorating
determins: determine
determins: determines
determinstic: deterministic
determistic: deterministic
devanagri: devanagari
develope: develop
develope: developed
developement: development
devenagari: devanagari
diagional: diagonal
diagnotics: diagnostics
diagonostic: diagnostic
diagonstic: diagnostic
dialgo: dialog
diappear: disappear
dices: dice
dicision: decision
dictionarys: dictionaries
dictionnaries: dictionaries
dictionnary: dictionary
dictitonary: dictionary
dictonary: dictionary
dicussion: discussion
didnt: didn't
diference: difference
diferences: differences
diferent: different
diferrent: different
differen: differed
differen: different
differencial: differential
differenciate: differentiate
differenciated: differentiated
differenciates: differentiates
differenciating: differentiating
differenct: difference
differenct: different
differente: difference
differente: different
differentely: differently
differnce: difference
differnt: different
differring: differing
diffreent: different
diffrence: difference
diffrent: different
dificulties: difficulties
dificulty: difficulty
diggging: digging
diiferent: different
dilema: dilemma
dillema: dilemma
dimentional: dimensional
diphtong: diphthong
diphtongs: diphthongs
diposable: disposable
dipose: depose
dipose: dispose
diposed: deposed
diposed: disposed
direcctory: directory
direclty: directly
direcotry: directory
directivies: directives
diretory: directory
disapear: disappear
disapeared: disappeared
disapearing: disappearing
disapears: disappears
disapoint: disappoint
disapointing: disappointing
disaposable: disposable
disaproval: disapproval
disassambly: disassembly
disassocate: disassociate
disasterous: disastrous
disatisfaction: dissatisfaction
disatisfied: dissatisfied
discarted: discarded
discernable: discernible
discoverd: discovered
discrepency: discrepancy
discribes: describes
discrimatory: discriminatory
disemination: dissemination
dismised: dismissed
disobediance: disobedience
disobediant: disobedient
disolved: dissolved
dispalay: display
dispaly: display
dispalys: displays
displaed: displaced
displaed: displayed
displas: display
displas: displays
disposible: disposable
dispostion: disposition
disqualifed: disqualified
disrectization: discretization
dissapear: disappear
dissapears: disappears
dissapoint: disappoint
distibute: distribute
distibuted: distributed
distibutes: distributes
distibuting: distributing
distibution: distribution
distibutions: distributions
distict: distinct
distiction: distinction
distiguish: distinguish
distince: distance
distince: distinct
distingush: distinguish
distingushed: distinguished
distingushes: distinguishes
distingushing: distinguishing
distinquish: distinguish
distorsion: distortion
distorsions: distortions
distrubuted: distributed
disucss: discuss
docuemnt: document
documen: document
documenation: documentation
documentnation: documentation
documetation: documentation
documment: document
doens't: doesn't
doesen't: doesn't
doesnot: does not
doesnt: doesn't
donwload: download
donwloaded: downloaded
donwloading: downloading
donwloads: downloads
dowloading: downloading
drived: driven
drived: drove
drunkeness: drunkenness
dumbell: dumbbell
dummmy: dummy
duplciated: duplicated
duplicit: duplicate
duplicit: duplicity
duplicities: duplicates
durablity: durability
durring: during
dyanmic: dynamic
dynamicaly: dynamically
dynmic: dynamic
ebmedded: embedded
ecclectic: eclectic
ecnoded: encoded
ecrypting: encrypting
ecryption: encryption
editting: editing
efect: effect
efects: effects
effecient: efficient
effeciently: efficiently
effekt: effect
efficent: efficient
efficently: efficiently
effiecently: efficiently
effitient: efficient
egreess: egress
eigth: eight
elemen: element
elemens: elements
elementes: elements
elemnts: elements
eletronic: electronic
eligable: eligible
eligiable: eligible
elipsis: ellipsis
elments: elements
embarass: embarrass
embarassed: embarrassed
embarasses: embarrasses
embarassing: embarrassing
embarassment: embarrassment
embargos: embargoes
embarrased: embarrassed
embarrases: embarrasses
embarrasing: embarrassing
embarrasment: embarrassment
embbedded: embedded
embedd: embed
embedds: embeds
embeded: embedded
embeding: embedding
emcompass: encompass
emited: emitted
emiting: emitting
emmisaries: emissaries
emmisary: emissary
emmision: emission
emmisions: emissions
emmited: emitted
emmiting: emitting
emmitted: emitted
emmitting: emitting
emmulate: emulate
empiricaly: empirically
emplyees: employees
empolyee: employee
emptys: empties
emtpy: empty
emtry: entry
emumerator: enumerator
emumerators: enumerators
enapsulated: encapsulated
encapselates: encapsulates
encdoing: encoding
enchancement: enhancement
enchancements: enhancements
encompases: encompass
enconding: encoding
encondings: encodings
encouter: encounter
encoutered: encountered
encoutering: encountering
encouters: encounters
encrpytion: encryption
encryp: encrypt
encryped: encrypted
encrypton: encryption
encrypton: encryptor
encypted: encrypted
encyrption: encryption
endianess: endianness
endiannes: endianness
endopoint: endpoint
eneabled: enabled
enforceing: enforcing
enforeced: enforced
enlargment: enlargement
enlargments: enlargements
enoough: enough
enqeueue: enqueue
enrollement: enrollment
enrolment: enrollment
enrolments: enrollments
enroute: en route
entaglements: entanglements
enteprise: enterprise
enteprises: enterprises
enterpise: enterprise
entites: entities
entitites: entities
entitys: entities
entiyt: entity
enumarable: enumerable
enumarate: enumerate
enumaration: enumeration
enumarator: enumerator
enumation: enumeration
enumberable: enumerable
enumberables: enumerables
enumeable: enumerable
enumeratable: enumerable
enumerater: enumerator
enumeratoin: enumeration
enumertated: enumerated
enumreable: enumerable
envinronment: environment
envionment: environment
envionrment: environment
enviornment: environment
enviroment: environment
enviromental: environmental
enviromentalist: environmentalist
enviromentalists: environmentalists
enviromentally: environmentally
enviroments: environments
environement: environment
environements: environments
environemnt: environment
environemnts: environments
environmnent: environment
environmnents: environments
environmnet: environment
envrionment: environment
epression: expression
epressions: expressions
eqivalent: equivalent
eqivilence: equivalence
equatibility: equatability
equiped: equipped
equipments: equipment
equippment: equipment
equivalant: equivalent
equivaluents: equivalents
equivelent: equivalent
equivilent: equivalent
eratically: erratically
erorr: error
erorrs: errors
errorneous: erroneous
errorneously: erroneously
errornous: erroneous
errorrs: errors
errror: error
esential: essential
esentially: essentially
espetially: especially
espicially: especially
essencial: essential
estabilish: establish
estabilished: established
estabilishes: establishes
estabilishing: establishing
establised: established
estblishing: establishing
evaluatation: evaluation
evalutation: evaluation
evalution: evaluation
evalution: evolution
eventhough: even though
eventualy: eventually
everwhere: everywhere
everyhing: everything
everytime: every time
everyting: everything
evetually: eventually
evironment: environment
evnt: event
exagerate: exaggerate
exagerated: exaggerated
exagerates: exaggerates
exagerating: exaggerating
examinated: examined
exapanded: expanded
excatly: exactly
excede: exceed
exceedng: exceeding
excelent: excellent
exceptation: expectation
exceptionis: exceptions
exceptios: exception
exceptios: exceptions
exceptoin: exception
exceptons: exceptions
excercise: exercise
excercised: exercised
excercises: exercises
excercising: exercising
excesive: excessive
exclaimation: exclamation
exclusivelly: exclusively
excplicit: explicit
excplicitly: explicitly
excption: exception
excuted: executed
exection: execution
exectuable: executable
exectutor: executor
executation: execution
executeable: executable
executer: executor
exepected: expected
exept: except
exeption: exception
exeption: exemption
exercize: exercise
exetrnal: external
exisiting: existing
exisitng: existing
exisits: exists
existance: existence
existant: existent
existnig: existing
exlicit: explicit
exlude: exclude
exluded: excluded
exlusion: exclusion
exlusiveness: exclusiveness
exoected: expected
expceted: expected
expcetion: exception
expecteds: expected
expectes: expects
expection: exception
experession: expression
experiance: experience
expesions: expressions
expeting: expecting
expiratoin: expiration
expireds: expired
expireds: expires
expirred: expired
explaination: explanation
explcit: explicit
explcitly: explicitly
explicitelly: explicitly
explicitely: explicitly
explicitily: explicitly
explicity: explicitly
explict: explicit
explictilty: explicitly
explictly: explicitly
explitic: explicit
exponentional: exponential
expontential: exponential
expresion: expression
expresions: expressions
expresson: expression
expresssion: expression
expresssions: expressions
exptession: expression
exstensions: extensions
extactly: exactly
extensiblity: extensibility
extensiosns: extensions
extenstion: extension
extenstions: extensions
extention: extension
extentions: extensions
exteranl: external
externallly: externally
extesibility: extensibility
extied: exited
extraterrestial: extraterrestrial
extraterrestials: extraterrestrials
extreem: extreme
extreemly: extremely
extremly: extremely
exxcluding: excluding
faciliate: facilitate
faciliates: facilitates
failes: fails
falback: fallback
falbacks: fallbacks
faling: failing
faling: falling
fallbcak: fallback
fallsback: falls back
falsyness: falsiness
Farenheit: Fahrenheit
feromone: pheromone
feromones: pheromones
fetchs: fetches
fictious: fictitious
fiercly: fiercely
filetered: filtered
finacial: financial
finalizeres: finalizers
finaly: finally
financal: financial
financialy: financially
finanical: financial
finitenes: finiteness
finsh: finish
finshed: finished
fisrt: first
fitler: filter
fixs: fixes
flakyness: flakiness
flase: false
flase: flask
flattern: flatten
flatterned: flattened
flatterning: flattering
flatterns: flattens
flattned: flattened
flattten: flatten
flexibilty: flexibility
florescent: fluorescent
flourescent: fluorescent
focussed: focused
focusses: focuses
focussing: focusing
follback: fallback
followinig: following
follwed: followed
follwoing: following
folowing: following
folows: follows
fonetic: phonetic
fontend: frontend
forbidd: forbid
forbiden: forbidden
forbiding: forbidding
forcast: forecast
forceing: forcing
foregroud: foreground
foregrount: foreground
forground: foreground
foriegn: foreign
formated: formatted
formater: formatter
formating: formatting
formla: formal
formla: formula
formmated: formatted
forseeable: foreseeable
forumla: formula
forumlas: formulas
forumula: formula
forumulas: formulas
forwading: forwarding
forwared: forwarded
forwareded: forwarded
fragement: fragment
fragemnts: fragments
fragmenation: fragmentation
frameowrk: framework
framewors: framework
framewors: frameworks
framwork: framework
framworks: frameworks
freezed: frozen
freind: friend
frequences: frequencies
frist: first
fucntion: function
fuction: function
fulfiled: fulfilled
fullfilled: fulfilled
funcion: function
funcional: functional
funcionality: functionality
funcition: function
funciton: function
functin: function
functinality: functionality
functionallity: functionality
functionalty: functionality
functionalty: functionally
functionaly: functionally
functionlity: functionality
functoin: function
funtion: function
funtionality: functionality
futher: father
futher: further
futhermore: furthermore
galery: gallery
gamming: gaming
garantee: guarantee
garanteed: guaranteed
gatweay: gateway
gauranteed: guaranteed
geenerator: generator
genearted: generated
geneological: genealogical
geneologies: genealogies
geneology: genealogy
generall: general
generall: generally
generaly: generally
generat: general
generat: generate
genereate: generate
genereated: generated
genereic: generic
generete: generate
generetes: generates
genertaed: generated
genetive: genitive
genitve: genitive
genration: generation
genrator: generator
genreate: generate
genreated: generated
genric: generic
geomtry: geometry
geting: getting
getted: got
getted: gotten
getterless: getter-less
gettter: getter
gloabl: global
globaly: globally
gnerated: generated
gobally: globally
gohper: gopher
gooses: geese
gracefull: graceful
gradiant: gradient
gradualy: gradually
gramatical: grammatical
gramatically: grammatically
grammaticaly: grammatically
granchild: grandchild
granchildren: grandchildren
granurality: granularity
gratefull: grateful
greather: greater
Gregarian: Gregorian
Gregirian: Gregorian
groupped: grouped
guage: gauge
guanratee: guarantee
guareenteed: guaranteed
guarentee: guarantee
guarenteed: guaranteed
guerrila: guerrilla
guerrilas: guerrillas
guestimate: guesstimate
guidence: guidance
guidlines: guidelines
gurantee: guarantee
guranteed: guaranteed
haemorrage: haemorrhage
haikus: haiku
hamburguer: hamburger
handlig: handling
handlng: handling
hanlde: handle
hanlder: handler
hanlders: handlers
happend: happened
happend: happens
happenning: happening
happlily: happily
harasment: harassment
harasments: harassments
harassement: harassment
harras: harass
harrased: harassed
harrases: harasses
harrasing: harassing
harrasment: harassment
harrasments: harassments
harrass: harass
hasbang: hashbang
hasnt: hasn't
havent: haven't
hbernate: hibernate
headder: header
headders: headers
headign: heading
Hebrev: Hebrew
heigh: height
heighth: height
heigth: height
heirarchy: hierarchy
helpfull: helpful
hemmorhage: hemorrhage
hesh: hash
heshing: hashing
heterogenous: heterogeneous
hexidecimal: hexadecimal
hibenate: hibernate
hidding: hiding
hiearchical: hierarchical
hiearchies: hierarchies
hiearchy: hierarchy
hiecharchy: hierarchy
hierachical: hierarchical
hierachies: hierarchies
hierachy: hierarchy
hierarcy: hierarchy
higeine: hygiene
higest: highest
highighter: highlighter
highights: highlights
highlevel: high-level
highligher: highlighter
hight: height
hightlight: highlight
hightlighting: highlighting
higlight: highlight
higlighted: highlighted
higlighting: highlighting
hillarious: hilarious
hinerited: inherited
hipocrit: hypocrite
hirearchy: hierarchy
hirerachy: hierarchy
hirerarchy: hierarchy
hoizontal: horizontal
holded: held
homogenous: homogeneous
horisontal: horizontal
horizonatal: horizontal
horizonatally: horizontally
horizontaly: horizontally
horizontially: horizontally
hovewer: however
howevever: however
hte: the
htpp: http
hunderds: hundreds
hygeine: hygiene
hypelink: hyperlink
hypenated: hyphenated
hypocrits: hypocrites
iconclastic: iconoclastic
idenfifier: identifier
idenifier: identifier
idenifies: identifies
idenitifiers: identifiers
identfier: identifier
identic: identical
identifer: identifier
identifers: identifiers
identificator: identifier
identifyers: identifiers
identiier: identifier
identiifer: identifier
identitical: identical
identitifier: identifier
idiosyncracy: idiosyncrasy
ifinity: infinity
ignorence: ignorance
ignroable: ignorable
ihnerit: inherit
ilegal: illegal
imags: image
imags: images
imcomplete: incomplete
imediate: immediate
imediately: immediately
imges: images
imigrant: immigrant
imigrated: immigrated
imigration: immigration
imlement: implement
imlemented: implemented
imlicitly: implicitly
immagine: imagine
immediatelly: immediately
immediatly: immediately
immitate: imitate
immitated: imitated
immitating: imitating
immitator: imitator
immmutable: immutable
immuatable: immutable
immuttable: immutable
impecabbly: impeccably
impelementation: implementation
impelmentation: implementation
impement: implement
implemenation: implementation
implemening: implementing
implementaion: implementation
implementaiton: implementation
implementating: implementing
implementatio: implementation
implementes: implements
implemention: implementation
implemetation: implementation
implemetations: implementations
implemeted: implemented
implemeters: implementers
implemnentation: implementation
implemnentations: implementations
implentation: implementation
implenting: implanting
implenting: implementing
implicitely: implicitly
implicitily: implicitly
implict: implicit
implictly: implicitly
implimented: implemented
implmentation: implementation
imporovements: improvements
importand: important
imposible: impossible
imposibly: impossibly
impossibe: impossible
impratical: impractical
impressario: impresario
impromput: impromptu
improvemnt: improvement
improvemnts: improvements
imtermediate: intermediate
inaccesible: inaccessible
inaccessable: inaccessible
inadvertantly: inadvertently
inagurate: inaugurate
inagurated: inaugurated
inagurates: inaugurates
inagurating: inaugurating
inaguration: inauguration
inappropiate: inappropriate
inbalance: imbalance
inbalanced: imbalanced
inbetween: in between
inbetween: in-between
incensitive: insensitive
incidently: incidentally
incluing: including
incomaptible: incompatible
incomming: incoming
incompability: incompatibility
incompatabilities: incompatibilities
incompatability: incompatibility
incompatibe: incompatible
incompatiblities: incompatibilities
incompatiblity: incompatibility
incompleted: incomplete
inconsistant: inconsistent
inconsistantly: inconsistently
inconsitent: inconsistent
incorect: incorrect
incorectly: incorrectly
incorrent: incorrect
increement: increment
incrememted: incremented
incrementaly: incrementally
incrementel: incremental
incrementel: incremented
incremnent: increment
incuding: including
inculded: included
indcating: indicating
indecates: indicates
indefinetely: indefinitely
indefinitly: indefinitely
indefintely: indefinitely
indendation: indentation
indentical: identical
indentifier: identifier
indentifiers: identifiers
indentify: identify
indepedence: independence
indepedent: independent
indepedently: independently
independance: independence
independant: independent
independantly: independently
indetermineate: indeterminate
indexd: indexed
indexies: indexes
indexs: indexes
indexx: index
indiciates: indicates
indicies: indices
indictement: indictment
indispensible: indispensable
indivdual: individual
indxer: indexer
inefficency: inefficiency
inefficent: inefficient
ineqaulity: inequality
inequal: unequal
inerface: interface
inerit: inert
inerit: inherit
inerited: inherited
infastructure: infrastructure
infered: inferred
inferenece: inference
inferface: interface
infering: inferring
inferrence: inference
inferrred: inferred
infinate: infinite
infinte: infinite
inflamation: inflammation
influencial: influential
infomation: information
infomration: information
informaiton: information
infrastracture: infrastructure
infromation: information
ingore: ignore
ingored: ignored
ingoring: ignoring
ingrediens: ingredient
ingrediens: ingredients
ingres: ingress
inherintance: inheritance
inheritence: inheritance
inherites: inherits
inherittance: inheritance
inhertited: inherited
inifinite: infinite
inifinity: infinity
inifnity: infinity
inital: initial
initally: initially
initiatize: initialize
injestion: injection
inlcude: include
inluding: including
inmediately: immediately
innacessible: inaccessible
innacurate: inaccurate
inncomplete: incomplete
innefficient: inefficient
innitiate: initiate
innoculate: inoculate
innoculated: inoculated
inordered: unordered
inovke: invoke
inprisonment: imprisonment
inputed: inputted
inputing: inputting
insensitve: insensitive
insenstive: insensitive
insenstively: insensitively
insentitive: insensitive
insentivity: insensitivity
insered: inserted
insersion: insertion
insersion: inversion
insertation: insertion
insertations: insertions
inserterd: inserted
inserterd: inserter
inserton: insertion
insignias: insignia
instace: instance
instal: install
instalation: installation
instanatiates: instantiates
instanciate: instantiate
instanciated: instantiated
instanciates: instantiates
instanciating: instantiating
instanciations: instantiations
instancied: instantiated
instanct: instance
instanct: instant
instanse: instance
instantation: instantiation
instantations: instantiations
instantiatied: instantiated
instantion: instantiation
instantions: instantiations
instantitation: instantiation
instatiation: instantiation
instence: instance
instnce: instance
instrinsic: intrinsic
instructiona: instruction
instructiona: instructions
insufficent: insufficient
insuffient: insufficient
insuficient: insufficient
inteface: interface
intefaces: interfaces
integation: integration
integeration: integration
integraded: integrated
intelectual: intellectual
inteligence: intelligence
inteligent: intelligent
intelligance: intelligence
intensly: intensely
intepreter: interpreter
intepreters: interpreters
interation: interaction
interation: iteration
interchage: interchange
interchangable: interchangeable
interesction: intersection
interferred: interfered
interferring: interfering
interger: integer
intergers: integers
intergrate: integrate
intergrated: integrated
intergration: integration
intermadiate: intermediate
internall: internal
internall: internally
internaly: internally
internett: internet
interopability: interoperability
interperter: interpreter
interperters: interpreters
interpeted: interpreted
interpeter: interpreter
interpeters: interpreters
interpretted: interpreted
interpretter: interpreter
interpretters: interpreters
intersting: interesting
interupted: interrupted
interupting: interrupting
interuption: interruption
interwined: intertwined
intesection: intersection
intial: initial
intially: initially
intitial: initial
intitially: initially
intrinisc: intrinsics
intrinstics: intrinsics
intrisics: intrinsics
invaild: invalid
invaldiated: invalidated
invarant: invariant
invarient: invariant
invididual: individual
invididuals: individuals
invisble: invisible
invoction: invocation
invokable: invocable
invokation: invocation
involvment: involvement
iritated: irritated
irrelevent: irrelevant
irreplacable: irreplaceable
irresistable: irresistible
isnt: isn't
isntall: install
isntance: instance
isntead: instead
isoceles: isosceles
istall: install
istead: instead
iteractive: interactive
iteractive: iterative
iterater: iterator
iteratons: iterations
iteratons: iterators
itereation: iteration
iterface: interface
itertion: iteration
itrinsics: intrinsics
itterate: iterate
javascipt: javascript
javasript: javascript
javscript: javascript
justifaction: justification
keystoke: keystroke
keystokes: keystrokes
klass: class
knonw: known
knonwn: known
knowning: knowing
konsole: console
Kubenernetes: Kubernetes
lable: label
lamdba: lambda
langauge: language
languange: language
languanges: languages
languge: language
laoding: loading
largerly: largely
lastest: last
latitute: latitude
layed: laid
lazyness: laziness
leadeship: leadership
leasure: leisure
lengh: length
lenght: length
lenghts: lengths
lengthes: lengthens
lengthes: lengths
lenths: lengths
levarage: leverage
lexicographicly: lexicographically
liason: liaison
liasons: liaisons
libarary: library
lifecyle: lifecycle
lightyear: light year
lightyears: light years
ligitimate: legitimate
likeley: likely
likelyhood: likelihood
limiation: limitation
limitated: limited
limitted: limited
listners: listeners
litterals: literals
logaritmic: logarithmic
loggging: logging
logicaly: logically
logicial: logical
logicial: logician
lonelyness: loneliness
longtitude: longitude
lookahed: lookahead
lowlevel: low-level
lyquidity: liquidity
machiney: machine
machiney: machinery
magification: magnification
magnication: magnification
magnificient: magnificent
maintainance: maintenance
maintainted: maintained
maintanence: maintenance
maintnance: maintenance
maitain: maintain
malicous: malicious
mamal: mammal
managable: manageable
managament: management
managaments: managements
managemen: management
managemet: management
managment: management
manaully: manually
manfiest: manifest
mangement: management
manifacturer: manufacturer
manualy: manually
manupulators: manipulators
mappin: mapping
mappping: mapping
mardown: markdown
mariage: marriage
markdow: markdown
markeplace: marketplace
marmelade: marmalade
masquarade: masquerade
Massachussets: Massachusetts
Massachussetts: Massachusetts
matchig: matching
matchs: matches
mater: matter
maters: matters
mathmatical: mathematical
matricies: matrices
maximun: maximum
meaningfull: meaningful
meaningfull: meaningfully
measurment: measurement
measurments: measurements
Mediteranean: Mediterranean
meeeting: meeting
meeetings: meetings
mehtod: method
memeber: member
memebers: members
memebrs: members
memmory: memory
merchantablity: merchantability
Mersanne: Mersenne
mesage: message
mesasge: message
messae: message
messasges: messages
messgaes: messages
messsage: message
messsages: messages
metalic: metallic
metalurgic: metallurgic
metalurgical: metallurgical
metalurgy: metallurgy
metatada: metadata
metched: matched
metdata: metadata
meterologist: meteorologist
meterologists: meteorologists
meterology: meteorology
methdo: method
methode: method
methode: methods
methos: method
methos: methods
metioned: mentioned
metohds: methods
metrisc: metrics
metter: matter
middlewere: middleware
migratation: migration
milennium: millennium
miligram: milligram
milion: million
milisecond: millisecond
miliseconds: milliseconds
millenia: millennia
millenial: millennial
millenialism: millennialism
millenials: millennials
millenium: millennium
millon: million
millsecond: millisecond
millseconds: milliseconds
mimick: mimic
mimicks: mimics
mimimal: minimal
miminum: minimum
minimium: minimum
minimuim: minimum
minimun: minimum
mininal: minimal
mininmal: minimal
mininum: minimum
miniscule: minuscule
minumum: minimum
miscelaneous: miscellaneous
miscellanous: miscellaneous
miscelleaneous: miscellaneous
mischeivous: mischievous
mischevious: mischievous
mischevous: mischievous
mischievious: mischievous
misisng: missing
mismathc: mismatch
mispell: misspell
mispelled: misspelled
mispelling: misspelling
mispells: misspells
missbehave: misbehave
missbehaved: misbehaved
missbehaves: misbehaves
missbehaving: misbehaving
missbehavior: misbehavior
Missisipi: Mississippi
Missisippi: Mississippi
missmatch: mismatch
missmatches: mismatches
misspel: misspell
misspeled: misspelled
misstyped: mistyped
missuse: misuse
missused: misused
missuses: misuses
missusing: misusing
mistmatch: mismatch
mistnested: misnested
mmeory: memory
mnenomic: mnemonic
modfied: modified
modfier: modifier
modifer: modifier
modifing: modifying
modifiy: modify
modifiying: modifying
modifyed: modified
modyfing: modifying
momment: moment
monotonicaly: monotonically
montly: monthly
morever: moreover
morfologic: morphologic
Morrocco: Morocco
Morroco: Morocco
mssing: missing
muiltiple: multiple
muliple: multiple
mulitiple: multiple
mulitple: multiple
multipled: multiplied
multipler: multiplier
multiplty: multiply
multipple: multiple
multipy: multiply
multple: multiple
mustashe: mustache
mutiple: multiple
mutiplier: multiplier
mutithreading: multithreading
mutliple: multiple
mysogynist: misogynist
mysogyny: misogyny
nagative: negative
namepace: namespace
namesapce: namespace
namming: naming
nanosecons: nanosecond
nanosecons: nanoseconds
nastyness: nastiness
naturaly: naturally
neccesarily: necessarily
neccesary: necessary
neccessarily: necessarily
neccessary: necessary
neccessities: necessities
necesarily: necessarily
necesary: necessary
necessery: necessary
necesssary: necessary
needeed: needed
neeed: need
neeeded: needed
negetive: negative
negitive: negative
negligable: negligible
negociate: negotiate
negociated: negotiated
negociates: negotiates
negociating: negotiating
negotation: negotiation
nessesary: necessary
nonascii: non-ascii
nonclusterd: nonclustered
nondeterministc: nondeterministic
nonexistant: nonexistent
nonmutable: immutable
nonnull: non-null
nontheless: nonetheless
noone: none
noone: noon
nothin: nothing
noticable: noticeable
noticably: noticeably
notifcations: notifications
notificiation: notification
nthing: nothing
nulll: null
nulllable: nullable
numberic: numeric
numberous: numerous
numericaly: numerically
nummber: number
nuulable: nullable
obediance: obedience
obejct: object
objet: object
objets: objects
obscurred: obscured
obselete: obsolete
observerable: observable
ocasional: occasional
ocasionally: occasionally
ocassional: occasional
ocassionally: occasionally
ocassionaly: occasionally
ocassioned: occasioned
ocassions: occasions
occasionaly: occasionally
occassion: occasion
occassional: occasional
occassionally: occasionally
occassioned: occasioned
occassions: occasions
occpied: occupied
occuped: occupied
occurance: occurrence
occurances: occurrences
occure: occur
occure: occurs
occured: occurred
occurence: occurrence
occurences: occurrences
occurencies: occurrences
occures: occurs
occuring: occurring
occurr: occur
occurrance: occurrence
occurrances: occurrences
occurrencies: occurrences
occurrs: occurs
octohedra: octahedra
octohedral: octahedral
octohedron: octahedron
ocurrance: occurrence
ocurrances: occurrences
ocurred: occurred
ocurrence: occurrence
ocurrences: occurrences
offerred: offered
offical: official
officals: officials
officaly: officially
officialy: officially
offsett: offset
ofset: offset
oftenly: often
ommision: omission
ommit: omit
ommited: omitted
ommitted: omitted
ommitting: omitting
omnicron: omicron
opeartion: operation
opeator: operator
openess: openness
openinig: opening
openned: opened
openning: opening
operant: operand
operartor: operator
operatione: operation
operatione: operations
operationn: operation
operationn: operations
operato: operate
operato: operator
opertor: operator
oportunity: opportunity
oposite: opposite
oposition: opposition
opportuniy: opportunity
opthalmic: ophthalmic
opthalmologist: ophthalmologist
opthalmology: ophthalmology
opthamologist: ophthalmologist
optionaly: optionally
optionnaly: optionally
oracl: oracle
oralce: oracle
orderd: ordered
orderring: ordering
oredered: ordered
orginal: original
orientaion: orientation
orientaton: orientation
originale: original
originale: originals
originaly: originally
originial: original
originially: originally
originiate: originate
originiating: originating
orignal: original
orignial: original
ortografic: ortographic
otehrwise: otherwise
otherweise: otherwise
ouptut: output
ouputted: outputted
outgoining: outgoing
outputed: outputted
outputing: outputting
outragous: outrageous
outter: outer
oveflow: overflow
oveloads: overloads
overal: overall
overddien: overridden
overfow: overflow
overidable: overridable
overidden: overridden
overide: override
overides: overrides
overiding: overriding
overiide: override
overlad: overlay
overlad: overload
overlaod: overlaid
overlaod: overload
overlaping: overlapping
overlayed: overlaid
overllaping: overlapping
overoladed: overloaded
overrid: override
overridding: overriding
overrideable: overridable
overrided: overridden
overrided: overrode
overriden: overridden
overrites: overrides
overrride: override
overrwrite: overwrite
overvwrite: overwrite
overwelming: overwhelming
overwite: overwrite
owerwrite: overwrite
oxigen: oxygen
oximoron: oxymoron
pacakge: package
pacakges: packages
packag: package
packags: packages
packge: package
pading: padding
painfull: painful
painfull: painfully
pallete: palette
pallette: palette
pamameter: parameter
paraemters: parameters
paragaph: paragraph
paralel: parallel
paralell: parallel
parallell: parallel
paramater: parameter
paramaters: parameters
paramenter: parameter
paramenters: parameters
parameteres: parameters
paramter: parameter
paramters: parameters
parantethis: parenthesis
parantheses: parentheses
paremeter: parameter
paremeters: parameters
parente: parented
parente: parents
parentesis: parenthesis
parenthesses: parentheses
parenthethis: parenthesis
paritioning: partitioning
parliment: parliament
parmeter: parameter
parmeters: parameters
parralel: parallel
parrallel: parallel
parrent: parent
particlar: particular
particpate: participate
particulary: particularly
partitoning: partitioning
pased: passed
passprase: passphrase
passsword: password
pasword: password
paswords: passwords
patern: pattern
paterns: patterns
pathalogical: pathological
pathes: paths
patriach: patriarch
pavillion: pavilion
paylod: payload
pecularities: peculiarities
pecularity: peculiarity
peformance: performance
Peloponnes: Peloponnesus
penninsula: peninsula
penninsular: peninsular
penninsulas: peninsulas
percieve: perceive
percieved: perceived
perenially: perennially
perfomance: performance
perfomed: performed
perfomer: performer
perfomers: performers
perfoming: performing
performace: performance
performaces: performances
perfromance: performance
perfromances: performances
perfromed: performed
peridiocally: periodically
peristent: persistent
permament: permanent
permananent: permanent
permanenet: permanent
permenent: permanent
permision: permission
permisions: permissions
permissable: permissible
permissons: permissions
peroperties: properties
peroperty: property
perserves: preserves
perseverence: perseverance
persistance: persistence
persistant: persistent
persistece: persistence
persisten: persistent
persitence: persistence
persitent: persistent
personel: personnel
personell: personnel
perspecitive: perspective
pertubation: perturbation
pesistent: persistent
phenomenom: phenomenon
Philipines: Philippines
Phillipine: Philippine
Phillipines: Philippines
Phillippines: Philippines
phoenetic: phonetic
phsyically: physically
physicaly: physically
pilgrimmage: pilgrimage
pilgrimmages: pilgrimages
pinapple: pineapple
pinapples: pineapples
pipelne: pipeline
pipleine: pipeline
placeholer: placeholder
plaform: platform
plantiff: plaintiff
plantiffs: plaintiffs
platfor: platform
ploting: plotting
ploymorphic: polymorphic
poeple: people
poisioning: poisoning
poisition: position
polimorphic: polymorphic
polinator: pollinator
polinators: pollinators
pollyfill: polyfill
pollyfills: polyfills
polute: pollute
polymoirphic: polymorphic
polymorphysm: polymorphism
polymorphysms: polymorphisms
polymorpic: polymorphic
polynominal: polynomial
polyomnial: polynomial
populare: popular
Portugese: Portuguese
posess: possess
posessed: possessed
posesses: possesses
posessing: possessing
posession: possession
posessions: possessions
posibilities: possibilities
posibility: possibility
posible: possible
posibly: possibly
positition: position
positivies: positives
possbily: possibly
posseses: possesses
possesing: possessing
possesion: possession
possibilites: possibilities
possibily: possibly
possibl: possible
possibl: possibly
possiblility: possibility
possiblities: possibilities
possiblity: possibility
possitive: positive
posssible: possible
posssibly: possibly
postgress: postgres
postion: position
postional: positional
postition: position
postitions: positions
postive: positive
potatos: potatoes
potentailly: potentially
pourpose: purpose
powerfull: powerful
practicaly: practically
prdictor: predictor
prdictors: predictors
preamable: preamble
preamables: preambles
precalulated: precalculated
preced: precede
precedeed: preceded
preceed: precede
preceeded: preceded
preceeding: preceding
preceeds: precedes
precendence: precedence
precending: preceding
precentage: percentage
precomupted: precomputed
prediate: predate
prediate: predicate
predicatable: predictable
predicte: predicted
predicte: predicts
predjudice: prejudice
preeserve: preserve
prefered: preferred
prefering: preferring
preferrable: preferable
preferrably: preferably
preffer: prefer
preffered: preferred
preformance: performance
preforming: performing
pregnat: pregnant
preoccuppied: preoccupied
preocupation: preoccupation
prepocess: preprocess
preppend: prepend
preppended: prepended
preppending: prepending
preppends: prepends
preprend: prepend
preprended: prepended
preprending: prepending
preprends: prepends
prereleas: prerelease
prerequisities: prerequisites
prerequsite: prerequisite
presense: presence
presneter: presenter
prespective: perspective
pressumably: presumably
prestigeous: prestigious
presure: pressure
presures: pressures
presurre: pressure
presurres: pressures
prettyfy: prettify
prettyfying: prettifying
prevens: prevents
previos: previous
previosly: previously
previoulsy: previously
prevously: previously
primarely: primarily
primarly: primarily
primative: primitive
primitivie: primitive
primivive: primitive
principe: principle
prinicpal: principal
printiable: printable
priortiy: priority
priorty: priority
privelege: privilege
priveleges: privileges
priviledge: privilege
priviledged: privileged
priviledges: privileges
privilige: privilege
priviliges: privileges
proactivly: proactively
probabilisic: probabilistic
probabilisitic: probabilistic
probabilty: probability
probablity: probability
probibilistic: probabilistic
procces: process
procceses: processes
proccesing: processing
proccesor: processor
proccesors: processors
proccess: process
proccessed: processed
proccesses: processes
proccessing: processing
proccessor: processor
proccessors: processors
proceess: proceeds
proceess: process
proces: process
procesesed: processed
processeses: processes
processin: processing
processin: procession
processsing: processing
proceudre: procedure
procudure: procedure
proejct: project
proeject: project
proeprty: property
profesion: profession
profesions: professions
profesor: professor
profesors: professors
professer: professes
professer: professor
progams: programs
progess: progress
programable: programmable
programatically: programmatically
programaticaly: programmatically
programers: programmers
programing: programming
programmically: programmatically
prohibitied: prohibited
prohibitted: prohibited
projecion: projection
promiss: promise
pronounciation: pronunciation
properies: properties
properites: properties
properpties: properties
propert: proper
propert: property
propertied: properties
propertly: properly
propertly: property
propertys: properties
propery: property
propesties: properties
propeties: properties
propogate: propagate
propogated: propagated
propogates: propagates
propogation: propagation
proportionnal: proportional
propper: proper
proprerties: properties
propreties: properties
proprties: properties
protectes: protected
protectes: protects
protestor: protester
proxeable: proxyable
psychadelic: psychedelic
publically: publicly
publicaly: publicly
punctunation: punctuation
puropose: purpose
purpouse: purpose
qeueries: queries
qoutes: quotes
quadradic: quadratic
qualifed: qualified
qualifer: qualifier
qualifers: qualifiers
qualifes: qualifies
quarantaine: quarantine
quarentine: quarantine
queing: queuing
quelified: qualified
queriable: queryable
quering: querying
questionaire: questionnaire
questionnair: questionnaire
queueu: queue
queueus: queues
rabbbit: rabbit
racoon: raccoon
racoons: raccoons
ralative: relative
randomzier: randomizer
reachablility: reachability
readed: read
readible: readable
readyness: readiness
reallocte: reallocate
realocate: reallocate
realocated: reallocated
realocates: reallocates
realocating: reallocating
realy: really
reasearch: research
reasigned: reassigned
reasonbly: reasonably
reasonnable: reasonable
reasult: result
reattch: reattach
reccomend: recommend
reccomended: recommended
reccommend: recommend
reccuring: recurring
receieve: receive
receieved: received
receipient: recipient
receipients: recipients
recepient: recipient
recepients: recipients
recepies: recipes
recepit: receipt
reciept: receipt
recieve: receive
recieved: received
reciever: receiver
recieves: receives
recieving: receiving
reclaimation: reclamation
recomend: recommend
recomendation: recommendation
recomended: recommended
recomending: recommending
recomends: recommends
recommnend: recommend
reconaissance: reconnaissance
reconcilation: reconciliation
reconnaisance: reconnaissance
recpipient: recipient
recrusive: recursive
rectange: rectangle
recurence: recurrence
recurences: recurrences
recurrency: recurrence
recursivelly: recursively
recursve: recursive
recusrive: recursive
recyclyed: recycled
redesiging: redesigning
rednerers: renderers
redudant: redundant
redundent: redundant
refeference: reference
referance: reference
referece: referee
referece: reference
refereces: references
referecing: referencing
referecnce: reference
referecne: reference
refered: referred
referencial: referential
referencially: referentially
referenece: reference
refereneced: referenced
referening: referencing
referense: reference
referernce: reference
referes: refers
refereshed: refreshed
refering: referring
refernce: reference
refernces: references
referneces: references
referrs: refers
reffered: referred
reflecton: reflection
reflecton: reflector
refrence: reference
refresing: refreshing
regadless: regardless
regardles: regardless
registartion: registration
registation: registration
registations: registrations
registeration: registration
registerd: registered
registerd: registers
registeres: registered
registeres: registers
registrating: registering
registratio: registration
registraton: registration
registred: registered
registrys: registries
registrys: registry
regresstion: regression
regstered: registered
regularily: regularly
rehersal: rehearsal
reintepret: reinterpret
relateds: related
relateds: relates
relatinships: relationships
relationshp: relationship
releas: release
releavant: relevant
relevent: relevant
religius: religious
religous: religious
rellocate: reallocate
rellocate: relocate
remaininig: remaining
remaning: remaining
remaping: remapping
rememebr: remember
remmeber: remember
removeable: removable
renderered: rendered
renderering: rendering
renderes: renders
rendred: rendered
rennovate: renovate
rennovated: renovated
rennovates: renovates
rennovating: renovating
rennovation: renovation
reosolve: resolve
repeatdly: repeatedly
repeate: repeat
repeate: repeated
repeate: repeats
repersents: represents
repesent: represent
repesents: represents
repetead: repeated
repetetive: repetitive
repitition: repetition
replacable: replaceable
reponse: response
repositores: repositories
reprersent: represent
represantion: representation
represenation: representation
represens: represents
represensation: representation
representig: representing
represention: representation
reproducable: reproducible
reprsentations: representations
reprsents: represents
repsitory: repository
repsonse: response
reqest: request
reqested: requested
reqeust: request
reqistration: registration
reqiured: required
requesed: requested
requeste: requested
requeste: requests
requierements: requirements
requirment: requirement
requirments: requirements
requried: requeried
requried: required
requries: requires
reseliency: resiliency
resemblence: resemblance
resepctively: respectively
resepectively: respectively
resetable: resettable
reseted: reset
reseting: resetting
resetted: reset
resetted: resetter
resiliance: resilience
resilliency: resilience
resillient: resilient
resistence: resistance
resistent: resistant
resolvabe: resolvable
resotre: restore
resouces: resources
resourse: recourse
resourse: resource
responce: response
respone: respond
respone: response
respones: responds
respones: responses
responsable: responsible
responsbility: responsibility
responsibilites: responsibilities
responsiblities: responsibilities
responsiblity: responsibility
respository: repository
resposne: response
respresentable: representable
respresents: represents
restaraunt: restaurant
restared: restarted
restict: restrict
restrictrive: restrictive
restult: result
retransmited: retransmitted
retreivable: retrievable
retreival: retrieval
retreive: retrieve
retreived: retrieved
retreiver: retriever
retreives: retrieves
retreiving: retrieving
retreving: retrieving
retrive: retrieve
retrived: retrieved
retrives: retries
retrives: retrieves
retriving: retrieving
retuns: returns
retured: returned
returnd: return
returnd: returned
returnes: returned
returnes: returns
returnning: returning
revers: reverse
rewinded: rewound
rewriten: rewritten
rigourous: rigorous
rolledback: rollbacked
rolledback: rolled back
rollsback: rolls back
rolout: rollout
Rolsyn: Roslyn
roomate: roommate
roundhous: roundhouse
roundrobin: round-robin
roundtriped: roundtripped
rount: round
runing: running
runned: ran
runned: run
rutime: runtime
rutnime: runtime
safisfies: satisfies
samaphore: semaphore
sargeant: sergeant
sargeants: sergeants
satelite: satellite
satelites: satellites
Saterday: Saturday
satified: satisfied
satifies: satisfies
satisfaciton: satisfaction
satisfiabilty: satisfiability
satisifed: satisfied
satisified: satisfied
satisify: satisfy
satistied: satisfied
satistying: satisfying
satsify: satisfy
scaleable: scalable
scaning: scanning
sccessful: successful
schedue: schedule
schedular: scheduler
scrol: scroll
seaching: searching
searchin: searching
searchs: searches
searpate: separate
seconde: second
seconde: seconds
secratary: secretary
secretery: secretary
seeakable: seekable
seeked: sought
segement: segment
segements: segments
segmneted: segmented
selcting: selecting
selction: selection
selctor: selector
selecotr: selector
selecton: selection
selecton: selector
semanticaly: semantically
semaphor: semaphore
sematic: semantic
sematically: semantically
sematics: semantics
sempahore: semaphore
sended: sent
sensetive: sensitive
sensititive: sensitive
senstivity: sensitivity
sentance: sentence
sentances: sentences
sentinal: sentinel
separarately: separately
separatelly: separately
separete: separate
separeted: separated
separted: separated
separtor: separator
sepcific: specific
sepcified: specified
sepecify: specify
seperable: separable
seperate: separate
seperated: separated
seperately: separately
seperating: separating
seperation: separation
seperator: separator
seperators: separators
seprate: separate
Septemeber: September
seqence: sequence
sequance: sequence
sequece: sequence
sequencial: sequential
sequencially: sequentially
sequnece: sequence
sequneces: sequences
serilializer: serializer
serilializers: serializers
serivces: services
servcie: service
servicable: serviceable
sesison: session
seting: setting
setings: settings
setlement: settlement
setted: set
setterless: setter-less
settigns: settings
setttings: settings
sevice: device
sevice: service
shareaware: shareware
sheduled: scheduled
sheeps: sheep
sherif: sheriff
sherrif: sheriff
sherrifs: sheriffs
shieds: sheds
shieds: shields
shiping: shipping
shooping: shopping
shorcut: shortcut
shortcircuit: short-circuit
shoudl: should
shoudn't: shouldn't
shouldnt: shouldn't
shoulnd't: shouldn't
shourtcut: shortcut
shrinked: shrank
shrinked: shrunk
shuold: should
sigificand: significand
sigificands: significands
signedess: signedness
signes: signs
signficant: significant
signicantly: significantly
signifant: significant
signifcance: significance
significently: significantly
signign: signing
signiture: signature
signle: single
signture: signature
sillynes: silliness
similarily: similarity
similarily: similarly
similiar: similar
simlar: similar
simplier: simpler
simpliest: simplest
simulatously: simultaneously
simultaneousely: simultaneously
simultanous: simultaneous
simultanously: simultaneously
singulariry: singularity
skipable: skippable
slighlty: slightly
slighty: slightly
snaphot: snapshot
snipppet: snippet
somehting: something
sometehing: something
sometihng: something
somewere: somewhere
somthing: something
souvenier: souvenir
souveniers: souvenirs
souvereign: sovereign
sovereignity: sovereignty
spagetti: spaghetti
sparated: separated
spcified: specified
speadsheet: spreadsheet
specail: special
specfic: specific
specfied: specified
specfy: specify
specialy: specially
specifc: specific
specifcially: specifically
specifciation: specification
specifed: specified
specifially: specifically
specificaiton: specification
specificed: specified
specifiction: specification
specifieid: specified
specifing: specifying
specifiy: specify
specifiying: specifying
speciments: specimens
speficied: specified
spefified: specified
spinns: spins
splited: split
splitted: split
splittler: splitter
spontanious: spontaneous
sqllite: sqlite
squence: sequence
squeze: squeeze
squigglies: squiggles
sreenshot: screenshot
sreenshots: screenshots
standart: standard
standrad: standard
statefull: stateful
stategy: strategy
statemenet: statement
statemenets: statements
statetement: statement
staticly: statically
statment: statement
statments: statements
stedfast: steadfast
stirng: string
storeage: storage
streamimg: streaming
strenght: strength
strenghten: strengthen
strenghtened: strengthened
strenghtening: strengthening
strenghts: strengths
striclty: strictly
striked: stricken
striked: struck
stringyness: stringiness
strnig: string
strting: starting
strucure: structure
strucuture: structure
stubborness: stubbornness
stucked: stuck
stucture: structure
stuctures: structures
subcription: subscription
subdirectoires: subdirectories
subdirectores: subdirectories
subexpresssion: subexpression
subexpresssions: subexpressions
subexression: subexpression
subexressions: subexpressions
subfoler: subfolder
sublcass: subclass
submodul: submodule
subqery: subquery
subqyery: subquery
subscribition: subscription
subscripe: subscribe
subscripe: subscript
subseqent: subsequent
subseqently: subsequently
subsitute: substitute
subsitution: substitution
substition: substitution
substitiution: substitution
substitued: substituted
substituion: substitution
substract: subtract
substracting: subtracting
substraction: subtraction
substutition: substitution
substutitions: substitutions
succceeded: succeeded
succceeds: succeeds
succcess: success
succcesses: successes
succedded: succeeded
succeded: succeed
succeded: succeeded
succedes: succeeds
succeding: succeeding
succeds: succeeds
succeededed: succeeded
succeedes: succeeds
succeeed: succeed
succeeeds: succeeds
succeess: success
succes: success
succesffully: successfully
succesful: successful
succesfull: successful
succesfully: successfully
succesion: succession
succesive: successive
succesor: successor
successfull: successful
successfuly: successfully
successully: successfully
succintly: succinctly
suceed: succeed
suceeded: succeeded
suceeding: succeeding
suceeds: succeeds
sucesfull: successful
sucesfully: successfully
sucess: success
sucesses: successes
sucessful: successful
sucessfull: successful
sucessfully: successfully
sucessfuly: successfully
sucession: succession
sucessive: successive
sucessor: successor
sufferred: suffered
sufferring: suffering
sufficent: sufficient
sufficently: sufficiently
suffixies: suffixes
sufix: suffix
suggetion: suggestion
sumable: summable
sumamry: summary
sumary: summary
sumation: summation
summ: sum
summaeries: summaries
summmary: summary
sunglases: sunglasses
supeclass: superclass
supercede: supersede
superceded: superseded
supercedes: supersedes
superceding: superseding
superceeded: superseded
superiour: superior
supervisored: supervised
suplemental: supplemental
supoort: support
suport: support
suported: supported
suporting: supporting
suports: supports
supose: suppose
suposed: supposed
suposedly: supposedly
suposes: supposes
suposing: supposing
supplimentary: supplementary
supportd: supported
supportd: supports
suppplied: supplied
suppport: support
suppported: supported
suppporting: supporting
suppports: supports
suppresing: suppressing
suppresion: suppression
suppresions: suppressions
supress: suppress
supressed: suppressed
supresses: suppresses
supressing: suppressing
supression: suppression
suprise: surprise
suprised: surprised
suprises: surprises
suprising: surprising
suprisingly: surprisingly
suranme: surname
suround: surround
surounded: surrounded
surounding: surrounding
suroundings: surroundings
surounds: surrounds
surpress: suppress
surprize: surprise
swiming: swimming
switchs: switches
swtich: switch
symblic: symbolic
symetric: symmetric
symetrical: symmetrical
symetrically: symmetrically
symetry: symmetry
syncd: synced
synchnously: synchronously
synchonously: synchronously
synchronosuly: synchronously
synchronus: synchronous
syncronous: synchronous
synonomous: synonymous
synopsys: synopsis
synoyms: synonyms
syntatic: syntactic
syntatical: syntactical
syntatically: syntactically
syntesizer: synthesizer
syntesizers: synthesizers
synthethic: synthetic
sytnax: syntax
szie: size
taht: that
targetss: targets
targetted: targeted
targetting: targeting
tatoo: tattoo
tatoos: tattoos
teared: tore
teared: torn
techincal: technical
teh: the
telemtry: telemetry
temlates: templates
tempate: template
temporar: temporal
temporar: temporary
temporarly: temporarily
temporarly: temporary
temprorary: temporary
tennant: tenant
tennants: tenants
teriminal: terminal
ternarary: ternary
terrestial: terrestrial
terriffic: terrific
thereafeter: thereafter
therefor: therefore
therfore: therefore
thershold: threshold
thesholds: threshold
thingss: things
thorws: throws
threashold: threshold
threatment: treatment
threatning: threatening
threshhold: threshold
thresold: threshold
thresolds: thresholds
throtling: throttling
throtting: throttling
throught: thought
throught: through
througput: throughput
throwed: threw
throwed: thrown
tigger: tiger
tiggers: tigers
timpestamp: timestamp
timstamp: timestamp
tobbaco: tobacco
tokenizier: tokenizer
tomatos: tomatoes
tommorow: tomorrow
tommorrow: tomorrow
tood: todo
torpedos: torpedoes
traditionnal: traditional
trafic: traffic
tranformation: transformation
tranisent: transient
tranparent: transparent
tranport: transport
tranportation: transportation
tranpositions: transpositions
transaciton: transaction
transation: transaction
transations: transactions
transcation: transaction
transcendance: transcendence
transcendant: transcendent
transction: transaction
transfered: transferred
transfering: transferring
transformes: transform
transformes: transforms
transitve: transitive
translatio: translation
transmitable: transmittable
transparancy: transparency
transparant: transparent
transparantly: transparently
transpileres: transpilers
trasaction: transaction
trasactions: transactions
trasformer: transformer
traslation: translation
travarsal: traversal
treshold: threshold
tresholds: thresholds
triger: trigger
trigered: triggered
trigerred: triggered
trigerring: triggering
triggerred: triggered
trilion: trillion
tripple: triple
troubleshootin: troubleshooting
truely: truly
truncute: truncate
truncuted: truncated
truncutes: truncates
truncuting: truncating
trustworthyness: trustworthiness
truthyness: truthiness
twelth: twelfth
twelveth: twelfth
typeographic: typographic
tyrany: tyranny
tyrranies: tyrannies
tyrrany: tyranny
tytpically: typically
ubiquitious: ubiquitous
udpate: update
udpates: updates
ugprade: upgrade
uknown: unknown
Ukranian: Ukrainian
unaccessible: inaccessible
unacompanied: unaccompanied
unamanaged: unmanaged
unambiguos: unambiguous
unambiguosly: unambiguously
unappropriate: inappropriate
unccompressed: uncompressed
uncertainity: uncertainty
unchallengable: unchallengeable
uncoment: uncomment
uncomented: uncommented
uncomenting: uncommenting
uncoments: uncomments
uncommited: uncommitted
uncommment: uncomment
uncommmented: uncommented
uncommmenting: uncommenting
uncommments: uncomments
uncomparable: incomparable
uncompressible: incompressible
unconditionaly: unconditionally
unconstrainted: unconstrained
underate: underage
underate: underrate
underlaing: underlying
underlaying: underlying
understend: understand
underying: underling
underying: underlying
underyling: underling
underyling: underlying
undesireable: undesirable
unecessary: unnecessary
unexcepted: unexpected
unexistant: nonexistent
unexistent: nonexistent
unforgetable: unforgettable
unforseen: unforeseen
unfortunateley: unfortunately
unfortunatelly: unfortunately
unfortunatly: unfortunately
unfortunetely: unfortunately
unidoce: unicode
unilateraly: unilaterally
uninstalation: uninstallation
uninstalltion: uninstallation
unintialized: uninitialized
unintrepreted: uninterpreted
uniqe: unique
uniqeu: unique
uniquness: uniqueness
unknow: unknown
unknwon: unknown
unknwown: unknown
unkown: unknown
unlabelled: unlabeled
unmanged: unmanaged
unnacceptable: unacceptable
unncessary: unnecessary
unneccesarily: unnecessarily
unneccesary: unnecessary
unneccessarily: unnecessarily
unneccessary: unnecessary
unnecesarily: unnecessarily
unnecesary: unnecessary
unnnecesary: unnecessary
unordererd: unordered
unpakc: unpack
unqoted: unquoted
unqouted: unquoted
unreferened: unreferenced
unreproducible: irreproducible
unresolable: unresolvable
unsollicited: unsolicited
unspecfied: unspecified
unspecifed: unspecified
unsuccesful: unsuccessful
unsuccesfull: unsuccessful
unsuccesfully: unsuccessfully
unsuccessfull: unsuccessful
unsuccessfull: unsuccessfully
unsucesfull: unsuccessful
unsucesfully: unsuccessfully
unsucessful: unsuccessful
unsucessfull: unsuccessful
unsucessfully: unsuccessfully
unsuported: unsupported
unsuppoted: unsupported
unsuprised: unsurprised
unsuprising: unsurprising
unsuprisingly: unsurprisingly
untill: until
unwinded: unwound
unwraped: unwrapped
unwrappered: unwrapped
unziped: unzipped
upcomming: upcoming
uper: super
uper: upper
upholstry: upholstery
uppper: upper
uresolved: unresolved
usefull: useful
usefuly: usefully
userdefined: user-defined
ussualy: usually
usuall: usual
usuall: usually
usualy: usually
usuaully: usually
ususally: usually
utilites: utilities
utiltiy: utility
uturn: u-turn
vaccuum: vacuum
vairable: variable
valdiation: validation
valdity: validity
validatation: validation
validateble: validatable
validatior: validation
validatior: validator
validtion: validation
valueable: valuable
variablity: variability
vartically: vertically
vastely: vastly
vebosity: verbosity
veiwed: viewed
vengance: vengeance
vengence: vengeance
verfication: verification
verfied: verified
verfier: verifier
verificiation: verification
verificiations: verifications
verifing: verifying
verifiy: verify
verifyable: verifiable
verifyer: verifier
verision: version
verisions: versions
verison: version
verisons: versions
versionned: versioned
versionning: versioning
veryfy: verify
viceversa: vice versa
viemwodel: viewmodel
viemwodels: viewmodels
vigourous: vigorous
villian: villain
villification: vilification
villify: vilify
visability: visibility
visbility: visibility
visibile: visible
visibilites: visibilities
visibilty: visibility
visiblity: visibility
vitrually: virtually
vulnerablities: vulnerabilities
vulnerablity: vulnerability
wanring: warning
wasnt: wasn't
watermeloon: watermelon
wegihts: weights
wellformed: well-formed
wellknown: well known
wellknown: well-known
werent: weren't
wheather: weather
wheather: whether
whehter: whether
wheter: whether
whethor: whether
whteher: whether
whther: whether
widht: width
wierd: weird
wihout: without
wiht: with
wihtin: within
wihtout: without
wilcard: wildcard
wilcards: wildcards
withing: within
withing: witting
withnout: without
withouth: without
witout: without
wokrbook: workbook
wonderfull: wonderful
wonderfull: wonderfully
workaroud: workaround
workbbok: workbook
workheets: worksheets
worskpace: workspace
wouldbe: would-be
wraped: wrapped
wrappered: wrapped
wrappping: wrapping
wrapps: wraps
writte: write
writte: written
wrtten: written
wtehher: whether
wtih: with
youve: you've
zerobased: zero-based
ziped: zipped
