analogus: analogue
analogus: analogues
authorixed: authorised
cancalled: cancelled
colourfull: colourful
crystalisation: crystallisation
draughtman: draughtsman
draughtmanship: draughtsmanship
draughtmen: draughtsmen
epiloque: epilogue
fullfil: fulfil
initiailses: initialises
intialise: initialise
intialised: initialised
jewelery: jewellery
lisence: licence
maneouvre: manoeuvre
maneouvred: manoeuvred
maneouvres: manoeuvres
maneouvring: manoeuvring
manoeuverability: manoeuvrability
manoeuvering: manoeuvring
mispelt: misspelt
neigbourhood: neighbourhood
parenthised: parenthesised
serialier: serialiser
serilisation: serialisation
serilisation: sterilisation
serilise: serialise
serilise: sterilise
serilised: serialised
serilised: sterilised
skilfull: skilful
specialied: specialised
syncronisation: synchronisation
synthezised: synthesised
uninitialied: uninitialised
